♪ ♪
[tammy] after some
hard-hitting journalism,
We can report that smoky eye
is hotter than shimmer eye.
And now, "the tina table,"
A chat with one
of wagstaff's snooze-makers.
[chuckles] I mean newsmakers.
♪ ♪
[clears throat]
Mr. Branca is back at the table
To tell us about some of his
most memorable mopping moments.
One time, the mop part fell off.
-I was just a man with a stick.
-Whoa.
-Can we do math instead? Please.
-Fractions!
Yikes.
[labonz]
just turning it down a little.
Little more, a little more.
-Hoo-boy.
-Next time, part three
Of my interview with mr. Branca:
Stuff he's found in the trash.
It's mostly what you'd expect.
I think I'll leave
the makeup on. I like it.
So, uh, tina,
"the tina table"
is getting tired.
I mean, it's a little splintery
on this side,
But I'm careful. Ow.
Not the actual table,
the segment.
You're losing the kids.
From what I hear
in the faculty lounge,
Classroom fidgeting is up 40%.
The fifth grade switches over
to a screen saver
Of a kelp forest
when you come on.
But that is a good screen saver.
It is, but unless
you can deliver
A fresh, fun interview
that kids want to watch,
I'm gonna have to ax
the "table."
-The actual table, or--
-the segment.
-Oh.
-Well, eh, maybe both.
I'll have to
get it out of here somehow.
[sighs]
I can't believe "the tina table"
might get cancelled.
-I know.
-Crazy, yeah.
Hey, jimmy jr., you enjoyed
today's "tina table," right?
I kind of missed it.
I was watching zeke
Try to put his elbow
in his mouth,
Which no one has ever done.
[strains]
I'll get there. I can do it.
-[laughs]
-[groans]
But tina,
if you do get kicked off,
You should make
a giant stink on air.
-The best kind of stink.
-Like when channel 13 rebooted
Get on up with chuck and pam,
and then pam got kicked off
And it was just get on up chuck.
Today, we're losing a valued
member of our channel 13 family.
Pam is leaving to spend
more time being fired.
You do one what should have been
award-winning story
On work safety violations
at channel 13,
And suddenly, they're not
renewing your contract.
Yes, pam, you always
tell it like it is,
Even though that grip
was clearly standing
In the wrong place
underneath that thing
And so was that other guy
that other time.
Chuck, you're literally
a worm with eyes--
-[clattering]
-[man grunts]
You all right, sully?
He's all right.
-Come on, what a pro.
-[groans]
I don't want to get pammed.
I've got to find
a good interview.
Maybe zeke, if he can make
that elbow thing happen?
-[grunting]
-damn. Not looking good.
[linda] and every part of the
body is cut off and lying there.
Feet, ears, nose.
Looks like someone took apart
a big mr. Potato head.
-Whoa.
-Um, what are you talking about?
B-bob, please.
Quiet during the movie.
Oh, you're doing that thing
where linda describes
A horror movie to you because
you're too scared to go see it.
Yes, bob, I love horror movies,
but I can't actually watch them
'cause I'll lie awake in bed
all night
Waiting for the thing
in the movie to come murder me.
-So, I-I need to do it this way.
-Makes perfect sense.
So, the mouth part
is still on the head,
And it's talking
to the girl, like,
"I'm still gonna kill you!"
So she picks up the head
And rolls it down the hill
and says,
"that was the seventh
weirdest thing I ever saw."
-And that's saw vii.
-Wow.
Saw vii was even better
than saw vi,
When the girl saw
that other thing.
-Hmm.
-Well, I'm gonna put
my adrenaline rush
To good use
and go snake a drain.
-Bye.
The saw movies are about
someone who saw stuff?
You know I can't watch
the movies as fast
As teddy wants
to hear about them.
Yeah, but lin,
you're just making stuff up.
So? Teddy's happy
and I enjoy it.
-It's a perfect system.
-I guess,
If he wasn't tipped off
by your Friday the 13th
Where jason goes
on a shopping spree.
Oh, and he tells
the snooty saleslady,
"you work on commission, right?
Big mistake. Huge."
-And then he stabs her
with a credit card.
-Yep.
[frond]
ms. Schnur,
Is, uh, principal spoors in?
Thought I'd follow up in person
On my follow-up phone call
on my other calls.
I really want to show him the
project I've been working on.
Mr. Frond,
sometimes it's important
To listen to the silence.
I'll just sit here
and wait for him.
Oh, goody for me.
Hi, ms. Schnur.
So, I kind of desperately need
A cool person to interview
and I thought, "hey,
Who's cooler
than principal spoors?"
He does like
wagstaff school news.
He even watches
"the tina table."
[tina]
oh, great.
-But he doesn't do interviews.
-Oh.
-Like beyoncé.
-[sighs] okay, thanks.
Uh, tina, could I see you
in my office?
Oh, is this because
I seem a little down?
What? No.
I mean-I mean, sure.
So, it's perfect. I need
principal spoor's eyeballs,
You need a big interview.
So, interview me
on "the tina table."
I guess what you're working on
does sound kind of interesting.
Do you think you could also
put your elbow in your mouth?
-What?
-Never mind. Let's do it.
Sally marshall, tilda stroot
and lenny destefano.
So if you did not
hear your name,
You're not invited
to jocelyn's birthday party.
But you can still give me
a present. Just kidding.
Unless you really want to,
then I'll take it.
And now-- ugh--
"the tina table."
-My guest today
is mr. Frond, the--
-imagine.
-Oh.
-Imagine a world where everyone
has a guidance counselor
Just a click away,
ready to share
The most precious gift
of all: Counseling.
-Imagining it.
-Now imagine a video game...
-Video game?
-That can tell you
Who you are
and what's wrong with you--
Just like I would--
based on how you play.
-And how does it work
if you're--
-stop imagining.
-Oh.
-Because it's right here.
Working with top-notch
software developers,
I have created
the final frond-tier.
In the game, you try to protect
a convoy of spaceships
-From space pirates.
-And that's counseling
-Because, um...
-The best way to show you
Is for you to play.
-Okay.
-Just follow the prompts.
Your decisions
will tell the program
What it needs to know.
"your fleet is attacked
and you take damage
"to your power plant.
"do you send remaining power
to shields,
Send remaining power to lasers
or attempt to negotiate?"
What's the right choice?
Full power to lasers.
-[computer chiming]
-"game over.
You have arrived with two ships
remaining in your convoy."
Okay. Two is better than none.
-[chuckles]
-[computer] evaluating
emotional profile.
[computer]
you are conscientious,
a truth finder.
Something to work on:
Maybe you care too much?
Wow. Nailed me.
Thanks for being my guest,
and that's the "table."
-[kid] and we're clear.
-[phone vibrates]
Principal spoors.
Y-you saw it?
You loved it?
Well, it could use a little
more testing-- what's that?
Roll it out without
more testing? Sounds good.
I want to play space games
to find out
-What's wrong with me.
-You should.
I just heard
from the fifth grade.
They didn't switch over
to the kelp forest once.
-You did it, tina.
-I did?
Keep it up
and I might expand the "table."
You mean, the segment or the--
-Both!
-Great.
Can you believe it?
Principal spoors
Approved $75 in funding.
-My game's a hot start-up.
-What?
[computer]
you have issues
with aggression.
Something to work on:
Taking it down a notch.
Aggression? Huh.
Maybe I am aggressive-- ow.
Not interested
in the game, henry?
I don't use computers
to understand my feelings.
I use computers
to escape my feelings.
I use chicken shawarma
Who's got two tightly clenched
fists and aggression issues?
-This guy.
-Aggression?
Rudy, that doesn't
sound like you.
No, I think it does, louise.
Sorry, didn't mean
to take your head off like that.
-Damned aggression.
-Rudy, chill.
[computer]
you are an introvert.
Hey, everyone, I'm an introvert!
[computer]
you have issues with
sibling rivalry.
-Ooh, that's what I got.
-[grunts]
-[computer]
you are a conformist.
-What?
Something to work on:
Not being a pushover.
Pushover?
I'll push you over, computer.
So, the game said
I'm too closed off emotionally.
I was thinking
maybe we could have
A long talk about life sometime?
Sure!
Uh, I mean, sure.
Cool. Cool.
[linda]
so the babysitter's
boyfriend says,
"bummer, the power's out.
"but I got some delicious
bean dip
I left in my car.
I'll pop out and get it."
-[phone vibrates]
-no, buddy, don't get
the delicious bean dip.
Oh, intermission, teddy.
I got to take this, it's gayle.
Her cats don't like
the new litter
And I said
I'd help mediate on speaker.
Linda, you can't stop
in the middle.
I'm gonna lose my goose bumps.
Uh, hey, m-maybe bob
can finish it.
-He, uh, saw it, too.
-What?
-Uh, no, I-I... I can't.
-Sure you can.
It's the latest scream one.
The one with the bean dip?
-Okay... Uh, fine.
-Yay.
I'm on, gayle.
Can everyone hear me?
-Hi, it's aunt linda...
-Uh, okay, so,
Uh, um, uh, the-the babysitter
is waiting for the guy.
And, uh, she looks
out the window,
And there-there's, um,
a-a different guy there.
Uh, maybe I'll wait for linda.
No offense,
but you're ruining it.
No, no, no,
I-I just thought of...
I, uh, remembered what happened.
-I-I got it.
-Doesn't seem like it.
Uh, then, her "boyfriend"
Comes back and sits down
next to her.
And he hands her a bowl
and a tortilla chip.
-[teddy] yeah?
-[bob] and she looks down,
And it's not bean dip,
it's her boyfriend's intestines!
-Aah!
-A-and just then,
The high school glee club
pulls up in a van,
And they're all singing
a cappella,
-So they don't hear her
screaming.
-[distant scream]
Their singing blends
with her screams, teddy.
-It harmonizes.
-Oh, my god.
This is the best movie
I've never seen.
[bob]
I just felt so alive, lin.
I didn't know where I was going,
I just knew
I was gonna get there.
I mean, some of your details
Were a little much,
what I heard.
Like, the blood
dripping off the machete
Making the killer flash back
to a melting ice cream cone
His mother bought him?
-I mean, come on.
-That's symbolism.
-That's just craft.
-Stupid.
Hey, my cute stuffs,
how was school?
Good. I reported
on a computer game
That tells you all about
yourself and now
"the tina table's"
back on top, baby!
But does it tell us
about ourselves?
I mean, it's a computer,
It probably
knows what it's doing.
-Huh. Me, a conformist?
-Well...
It said I'm
a "studious bookworm."
There, see? Uh, wait.
People do have hidden qualities.
Like, I didn't know
until today that I was
-A master horror storyteller.
-Here we go.
I got to do a follow-up
on that game.
It's total "table" candy.
And I got to go studiously
use the toilet. Sir, madam.
My exposé into how banana
and kiwi smoothies
Taste together is being cut
To bring you
an expanded "tina table."
And I'm cool with that
because the game says
I'm easygoing and generous.
Welcome back, mr. Frond.
New look?
It's tech visionary-ish.
Same with the stubble.
-Not seeing any stubble, but--
-it-it... It's there.
-So, the final frond-tier--
-thanks for asking, tina.
I am honored to announce
my proposal
To rename the computer lab
the ifrond counseling
And unattended emotional
diagnostic center.
Catchy? So, can you talk more
about how the game works?
Uh, you know,
the computer computes.
-[tina] uh-huh.
-Excuse the jargon.
And can you say anything
about those top-notch
Software developers
you mentioned?
So, what you're basically asking
Is what does it feel like
to change the world?
To disrupt the paradigm?
-That wasn't really what I was--
-it feels humbling
-Slash nobel-ish?
-[scoffs]
Hey, tina, great interview,
But what's with
the tough questions?
You do remember the first rule
of tv journalism, right?
-Floss?
-Keep it puffy and fun.
Which I call "fuffy."
But isn't it sort of weird
that mr. Frond
-Won't even answer how he--
-uh, ah-ah-ah.
[chuckles]
that's not fuffy.
Plus, I played
the final frond-tier,
And it told me I have
major trust issues, tina.
So from now on, I'm just
believing anything anyone says.
♪ ♪
♪ ooh, the frond-tier nation ♪
♪ yeah, math equation ♪
♪ movie summarization ♪
♪ ♪
♪ wood restoration ♪
♪ oh, yeah! ♪
Andy, you're not
sitting with ollie?
No, we think we're in a fight
So we're
giving each other space.
Thank you for the space, ollie.
You're welcome.
I miss you!
I miss you, too!
You look pretty.
Yeah, things are weird now.
[jocelyn]
hi, I'm letting you know
My birthday party is canceled.
I'm so sad,
but I'm an introvert.
Hey, jimmy junior,
want to wrestle me over there
In front of chloe barbash?
Gotta warn you, I'm aggressive.
-[shouts] ow.
-I don't want to wrestle,
But I would discuss
my vulnerabilities with you.
-Does that help?
-Mm.
Okay, things
are a little off, but...
Kids are told
some crap about themselves
And believe it just because
a video game said so?
It's like that thing, uh,
With the pill
that doesn't do anything.
-Tic tacs?
-Placebo. The placebo effect.
And come on--
top-notch software people?
Do we really think
mr. Frond's gonna
Get ahold of top-notch anything?
Hey, there's mr. Frond now.
Walking out carrying
a bunch of juice boxes.
-Must be nice.
-Hmm.
I've got sugar.
I don't want any more sugar.
I just want
To take a break,
see the outside world.
Not too outside, but still.
You can take a break when
the stupid game works, henry.
We can't keep faking it forever.
-[tina] faking it?
-Aah!
Mr. Frond!
Also, are those juice boxes
spoken for?
I knew it! Final frond-tier.
More like fraud-tier.
It was all fake? And your
top-notch software developers
Are a 13-year-old boy?
I work in a school.
It's not like I meet any adults.
Mr. Frond
wanted a quick prototype
To show principal spoors.
I cranked it out over recess
In exchange for pizza
and a college recommendation.
But it's just a beta
with no back end.
Excuse me, our father's
a beta with no back end.
He had me fake your results
to look good on air, tina.
Everybody else has
gotten something random
I took off the internet.
But, mr. Frond, why?
I was gonna finish the game,
but then spoors wanted it
Right away so I was like,
"okay, cool."
Well, I hope you don't
mind open containers,
'cause tina's gonna
blow the lid off this.
You can't prove anything.
And henry signed
a nondisclosure agreement.
I really should have run that
by my lawyer.
My lawyer's my mom.
Besides, tina,
we've both benefited.
It's a great story.
And henry's probably just
one pizza away from finishing
The nerd part, and I'll do
the psychobabble part.
Psychobabble,
qu'est-ce que c'est?
And, hey, principal spoors
is in talks
With the superintendent
to roll out the game
Across the whole
school district.
I could announce
it on "the tina table."
The only thing that's gonna roll
is your head, mr. Frond.
Tina, this is when we leave.
With all the sass
you can muster.
-[groans]
-oh, zero sass.
A different approach.
[teddy]
so there's a lot of buzz
About this new one
that's streaming--
Subcutaneous evil.
I heard the director
Is from around here someplace.
I think they're even gonna do
A special screening
with the guy.
I'll tell it.
I saw it last night.
Or I could tell it,
'cause we saw it
together, right?
Yeah, but I noticed
you were kinda nodding off
During the fun,
interesting parts,
And then woke up for the
long-winded, heavy-handed parts.
Hmm. That's funny 'cause
I remember you being awake for
More of the tangential stuff
that took the movie off track.
-[linda scoffs]
-you guys sound like
you need to get more sleep.
So, it's set
in a french village
In the middle ages.
We hear latin chanting.
It's a midnight exorcism.
Then a scream,
and the priest is flung out
A stained glass window.
[linda] then the camera
pulls back and we see
This is all just a dumb movie
a bunch of hot college kids
Are watching on tv at a cabin.
And they turn it off and say,
"that's the worst movie
-We've ever seen."
-[teddy] classic.
[linda]
then the girl who looks like
a young meg ryan but dances
Like a young jennifer grey--
that comes up later--
Says, "where are
the extra-pointy
Marshmallow skewers we brought?"
-[bob] but it doesn't matter
because she drops through a hole
In the floor that leads to
another dimension. A dumb one.
Meanwhile, there's an ancient
monastery next door...
[linda] that's suddenly hit
by a meteor,
-And there's nothing left.
-[bob] mm.
This movie's wild.
I love it.
[tina]
I don't know what to do!
If I take the game down
on the air,
That's not very fuffy
and I could lose the show.
And are things
really that bad now?
Tammy's much
less awful than usual.
And-and jimmy junior's been
very emotionally available.
Last night he had me on
the phone for an hour telling me
About every time he's cried
since he was six years old.
It was a little much,
actually, but...
Tina, mr. Frond
is messing with nature.
I heard andy and ollie
peed in separate urinals.
And ms. Twitchell says
I need to work on reducing
My classroom participation.
Is that bad?
Ugh! I wish I had someone
to talk to who's
Been in this situation.
Oh! Maybe you can.
So, keep it fuffy,
Or tell it like it is
and lose everything?
What do you think, pam?
It's kind of
all up to you now.
[pam]
so you're not my postmates?
No, it's tina, gene and louise.
Again, we've met a few times.
And you got my address how?
We called the station
and said we were you,
And we forgot our address.
Great. Look, um, tina,
I think, inside,
you already know what to do.
Tv journalism
is a sacred trust.
When I left channel 13,
all I had was my pride.
I was scared. I didn't know
if there was life after tv.
-And you know what?
-Yeah?
-There isn't.
-What?
Not being on tv sucks.
It's 4:00
and I'm not even dressed yet.
I don't remember when I put
on this sweatshirt. Monday?
You need to do
whatever you can
To stay on that box.
Okay, bye, pam.
Do you guys see my postmates?
So, uh, great.
We know not
to listen to her, right?
Tina, don't listen to pam.
Tina? Tina.
I'm, uh, I'm glad
you came to your senses.
This is a win-win for us both.
-Right.
-How's my cat hair situation?
-Bad.
-Darn it.
Guys, we're on in five.
Big smiles.
The news is about smiles.
Tina, please,
-You have to stop him.
-Louise, no.
-I'm keeping it fuffy.
-Ugh.
Is she allowed in here?
Uh, she is not.
Tammy, some muscle?
Mm.
Sorry, you have to go.
Do you want one of
my pre-show banana chips?
-I'm generous.
-Ugh!
Oh, I missed a call
from teddy last night.
-Like a booty call?
-What?
Like when
your booty accidentally
Calls someone from your pocket.
Lin, that's not--
there's a message. Oh, no.
-Oh, no.
-What?
He said he was
about to head out
To that special
director's screening
Of subcutaneous evil.
But-but we already
told him the movie.
He said we made it sound
so exciting he had to go see it.
Damn it, we're too good.
Now he knows
we made everything up.
-What are we gonna do?
-I don't know. Should we move?
Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea.
-[entry bells jingle]
-aah!
-Aah!
-Bob, linda.
-Teddy, hi.
-Hey, buddy.
-[weak chuckle]
Uh, so, uh, di-did you
go to that screening
Or-or bail
at the last minute, maybe?
-No, I went to it, bob.
-Great, great, great.
-Oh, good.
-I bet that was like
A director's cut, uh,
with, uh, all new scenes.
-Probably felt like a different
movie, even, right?
-It did.
That came up later
at the q and a.
Hi. Hello.
Uh, my question is, uh,
what the hell is going on?!
Yeah, right, and my follow-up
is why are you lying?!
-Okay, that--
-where's the real movie?!
Why?
Why'd you do it?
We're so sorry, teddy.
We just couldn't keep up.
We've got kids,
we go to bed early.
And it was fun?
Eh, yeah, I get it.
-You do?
-Actually...
I was sitting there last night
and, sure, I was terrified.
But I was kind of bored, too.
You were bored and terrified?
Yeah, it was so formulaic.
No magic.
Your movie was way better.
Aw.
But who told it better?
Well, you both have a style
that adds a certain charm.
-Right. But seriously.
-Yeah.
-Uh...
-I mean...
-I mean, come on.
-Uh...
-Say it.
-Don't make me choose!
-Okay, okay.
-All right, all right.
-Anyway,
Hey, there's this new
Halloween movie.
You guys see it?
-We saw it.
-Yeah, we saw it.
So... What happens?
It's set a hundred years ago.
-And michael myers'
great-great-grandfather
-yeah?
Also escapes
from an insane asylum.
[linda] and it's valentine's
day and he's in love.
[bob] Halloween takes place
on valentine's day?
[teddy] wow! A twist already.
So, we're in talks
and soon, kids
All over the school
district will be playing
-The final frond-tier.
-Great.
Hey, why don't you play
the final frond-tier
Right here on "the tina table"?
Me play?
That's fun.
Creator playing his creation.
-Fuffy. I like it.
-Uh, let's see.
A mutiny has broken out
on one of the convoy ships.
Uh-oh, mutiny. He just
got handed a hot potato.
-[game chimes]
-oh, no.
Everyone got space cholera.
Darn.
Well, that happens.
-Let's hear your profile.
-[computer] evaluating.
You are unstable and amoral.
Probably dangerous.
Wha... [weak chuckle]
it's-it's a glitch.
Something to work on:
Staying away from everyone.
I always knew.
No. [chuckles]
it's-it's wrong.
It's-it's a bug.
Kids have been playing
all week.
-How could it be a bug?
-Well, it's still in beta.
But it's rolling
out district-wide.
Is it ready or not, mr. Frond?
Of course it is.
I-I'm disrupting the paradigm.
I'm... [groans]
no one tells you
How hot these things are.
-[whimpers]
-well?
All right.
It's all lies!
The game just says
random gibberish.
It's-it's all a big lie.
Phew. It was exhausting
being aggressive.
Oh, thank god. I'm great,
Everyone else is...
[blows raspberry]
-[phone chiming]
-crap. It's principal spoors.
I'll just let it go
to voice mail.
I think he's watching us live
-Right now in his office.
-Oh f--
I can't believe mr. Frond
said "fart" on the air.
Ye-yes sir, I...
I understand.
We tell the school board
You were just kidding
about the rollout,
And I-I won't touch
the computers anymore.
And I'll change out of
the turtleneck immediately.
But your neck is better turtled.
I thought you were
on my side, tina.
You and louise argued about it.
Fake fight.
To get you to drop your guard.
I was gonna change the world.
You could have been part of it.
But if you have
to lie and cheat
And cut corners
to change the world,
Wh-what kind of world
are you left with anyway?
Crap, I wish I'd thought of that
on the air.
You're right.
You're right!
Weird vibe over here.
So, great buzz on the "table."
It was courageous
but also fun but also newsy.
Which I've decided
to call "curfuewsy."
-That saves time.
-Curfuewsy!
If you say it twice,
I don't know
If it still saves time.
It's fine.
Tina, how did you know
the game would say
All that stuff about me?
-I took care of that part.
-[gasps]
Like you had henry
fix my results.
And now,
I'm free of you forever.
But you're still gonna write
My college
recommendation, right?
Yeah, fine.
Party's back on.
Don't wear that, though.
Just you, not you, sorry.
Hey, tina, I know we blocked
out two hours tonight
To talk about times
I felt stuff.
-Yeah, um...
-But zeke got new sneakers
That make a cool squeaky sound,
So I was gonna watch him
do some sneaker squeaks.
-I'm gonna squeak out!
-Oh, phew.
-I mean, cool.
-[both laughing]
The game was right
about one thing.
Tina, you are
kind of a truth finder.
-And I'm bookish.
-No. Uh-uh.
-No. Hey, mr. Branca.
Next "tina table"--
you, me, dustpans?
I'll bring my favorite one.
-You know what I named it?
-Dusty?
Have we already
talked about this?
Hey, save it for the show.
♪ conscientious truth finder ♪
♪ 'twas the final frond-tier ♪
♪ finding truth
conscientiously ♪
♪ watch my dreams disappear ♪
♪ hunting down facts and such ♪
♪ I could have made
the world better ♪
♪ one problem:
I care too much ♪
♪ time to take off my ♪
-♪ time to take off my ♪
-♪ time to take off your ♪
-♪ take off my ♪
-♪ take off your ♪
-♪ turtleneck sweater ♪
-♪ turtleneck sweater. ♪
Frond: A lot of cat hair.
Captioning sponsored by
bento box entertainment
And toyota